CI App - Swift - Add documentation for Cocoapods installation (#11503)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/swift.md

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-swift-testing
{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "Using Cocoapods" %}}

Author: LGTM, changed to that names

### Configuring Datadog

> To enable testing instrumentation, add the following environment variables to your test target [(*)](#Alternative-Configuration). You must also select your main target in `Expand variables based on` or `Target for Variable Expansion` if using test plans:

Reviewer: I'm not convinced about having an asterisk here. What about this? Maybe the docs team can also propose better alternatives.

```suggestion
To enable testing instrumentation, add the following environment variables to your test target (or in the `Info.plist` file as [described below](#alternative-configuration)). You must also select your main target in `Expand variables based on` or `Target for Variable Expansion` if using test plans:
```

Author: I have changed to your option, its more verbose but clearer

You can also disable or enable specific auto-instrumentation in some of the tests from Swift or Objective-C by importing the module `DatadogSDKTesting` and using the class: `DDInstrumentationControl`.

> ## Alternative Configuration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Info.plist for configuration
```

Also, why is this before `Custom tags`? They cannot be defined like this?

Author: Changed the name and moved

> Alternatively to setting environment variables, all the configuration can be provided by adding the settings to the `Info.plist` file of the Test bundles (not the App bundle). If the same setting is set both in a environment variable and in the `Info.plist` file, the environment variable takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively to setting environment variables, all configuration values can be provided by adding them to the `Info.plist` file of the Test bundle (not the App bundle). If the same setting is set both in an environment variable and in the `Info.plist` file, the environment variable takes precedence.
```
